She strutted into my office wearing a dress that clung to her like Saran Wrap
to a sloppily butchered pork knuckle, bone and sinew jutting and lurching
asymmetrically beneath its folds, the tightness exaggerating the granularity
of the suet and causing what little palatable meat there was to sweat, its
transparency the thief of imagination. -- Chris Wieloch, Brookfield, WI

As he told her that he loved her she gazed into his eyes, wondering, as she
noted the infestation of eyelash mites, the tiny deodicids burrowing into his
follicles to eat the greasy sebum therein, each female laying up to 25 eggs in
a single follicle, causing inflammation, whether the eyes are truly the
windows of the soul; and, if so, his soul needed regrouting. -- Cathy Bryant,
Manchester, England

Cheryl's mind turned like the vanes of a wind-powered turbine, chopping her
sparrow-like thoughts into bloody pieces that fell onto a growing pile of
forgotten memories. — Sue Fondrie, Oshkosh, WI

For the first month of Ricardo and Felicity's affair, they greeted one another
at every stolen rendezvous with a kiss - a lengthy, ravenous kiss, Ricardo
lapping and sucking at Felicity's mouth as if she were a giant cage-mounted
water bottle and he were the world's thirstiest gerbil. -- Molly Ringle,
Seattle, WA

Folks say that if you listen real close at the height of the full moon, when
the wind is blown' off Nantucket Sound from nor' east and the dogs are howlin'
for no earthly reason, you can hear the awful screams of the crew of the
"Ellie May," a sturdy whaler captained by John McTavish; for it was on just
such a night when the rum was flowin' and, Davey Jones be damned, big John
brought his men on deck for the first of several screaming contests. -- David
McKenzie, Federal Way, WA

Theirs was a New York love, a checkered taxi ride burning rubber, and like the
city, their passion was open 24/7, steam rising from their bodies like slick
streets exhaling warm, moist breath through manhole covers stamped "Forged by
DeLaney Bros., Piscataway, N. J." -- Gordon Spik, Washington, D.C.

Gerald began - but was interrupted by a piercing whistle which cost him ten
percent of his hearing permanently, as it did everyone else in a ten-mile
radius of the eruption, not that it mattered much because for them
"permanently" meant the next ten minutes or so until buried by searing lava or
suffocated by choking ash - to pee. -- Jim Gleeson, Madison, WI

Detective Bart Lasiter was in his office studying the light from his one small
window falling on his super burrito when the door swung open to reveal a woman
whose body said you've had your last burrito for a while, whose face said
angels did exist, and whose eyes said she could make you dig your own grave
and lick the shovel clean. -- Jim Guigli, Carmichael, CA

As he stared at her ample bosom, he daydreamed of the dual Stromberg
carburetors in his vintage Triumph Spitfire, highly functional yet pleasingly
formed, perched prominently on top of the intake manifold, aching for
experienced hands, the small knurled caps of the oil dampeners begging to be
inspected and adjusted as described in chapter seven of the shop manual. --
Dan McKay, Fargo, ND

She resolved to end the love affair with Ramon tonight … summarily, like
Martha Stewart ripping the sand vein out of a shrimp's tail … though the term
"love affair" now struck her as a ridiculous euphemism … not unlike "sand
vein," which is after all an intestine, not a vein … and that tarry substance
inside certainly isn't sand … and that brought her back to Ramon. -- Dave
Zobel, Manhattan Beach, CA

They had but one last remaining night together, so they embraced each other as
tightly as that two-flavor entwined string cheese that is orange and
yellowish-white, the orange probably being a bland Cheddar and the white …
Mozzarella, although it could possibly be Provolone or just plain American, as
it really doesn't taste distinctly dissimilar from the orange, yet they would
have you believe it does by coloring it differently. -- Mariann Simms,
Wetumpka, AL

On reflection, Angela perceived that her relationship with Tom had always been
rocky, not quite a roller-coaster ride but more like when the toilet-paper
roll gets a little squashed so it hangs crooked and every time you pull some
off you can hear the rest going bumpity-bumpity in its holder until you go
nuts and push it back into shape, a degree of annoyance that Angela had now
almost attained. -- Rephah Berg, Oakland, CA

A small assortment of astonishingly loud brass instruments raced each other
lustily to the respective ends of their distinct musical choices as the gates
flew open to release a torrent of tawny fur comprised of angry yapping bullets
that nipped at Desdemona's ankles, causing her to reflect once again (as blood
filled her sneakers and she fought her way through the panicking crowd) that
the annual Running of the Pomeranians in Liechtenstein was a stupid idea. --
Sera Kirk, Vancouver, BC

The heather-encrusted Headlands, veiled in fog as thick as smoke in a crowded
pub, hunched precariously over the moors, their rocky elbows slipping off
land's end, their bulbous, craggy noses thrust into the thick foam of the
North Sea like bearded old men falling asleep in their pints. -- Gary Dahl,
Los Gatos, CA

Through the gathering gloom of a late-October afternoon, along the greasy,
cracked paving-stones slick from the sputum of the sky, Stanley Ruddlethorp
wearily trudged up the hill from the cemetery where his wife, sister, brother,
and three children were all buried, and forced open the door of his decaying
house, blissfully unaware of the catastrophe that was soon to devastate his
life. -- Dr. David Chuter, Kingston, Surrey, England

The corpse exuded the irresistible aroma of a piquant, ancho chili glaze
enticingly enhanced with a hint of fresh cilantro as it lay before him, coyly
garnished by a garland of variegated radicchio and caramelized onions, and
impishly drizzled with glistening rivulets of vintage balsamic vinegar and
roasted garlic oil; yes, as he surveyed the body of the slain food critic
slumped on the floor of the cozy, but nearly empty, bistro, a quick inventory
of his senses told corpulent Inspector Moreau that this was, in all
likelihood, an inside job. -- Bob Perry, Milton, MA

The moment he laid eyes on the lifeless body of the nude socialite sprawled
across the bathroom floor, Detective Leary knew she had committed suicide by
grasping the cap on the tamper-proof bottle, pushing down and twisting while
she kept her thumb firmly pressed against the spot the arrow pointed to, until
she hit the exact spot where the tab clicks into place, allowing her to remove
the cap and swallow the entire contents of the bottle, thus ending her life.
-- Artie Kalemeris, Fairfax, VA

"Ace, watch your head!" hissed Wanda urgently, yet somehow provocatively,
through red, full, sensuous lips, but he couldn't you know, since nobody can
actually watch more than part of his nose or a little cheek or lips if he
really tries, but he appreciated her warning. -- Janice Estey, Aspen, CO

Paul Revere had just discovered that someone in Boston was a spy for the
British, and when he saw the young woman believed to be the spy's girlfriend
in an Italian restaurant he said to the waiter, "Hold the spumoni - I'm going
to follow the chick an' catch a Tory." -- John L. Ashman, Houston, TX

As the fading light of a dying day filtered through the window blinds, Roger
stood over his victim with a smoking .45, surprised at the serenity that
filled him after pumping six slugs into the bloodless tyrant that mocked him
day after day, and then he shuffled out of the office with one last look back
at the shattered computer terminal lying there like a silicon armadillo left
to rot on the information superhighway. -- Larry Brill, Austin, TX

She wasn't really my type, a hard-looking but untalented reporter from the
local cat box liner, but the first second that the third-rate representative
of the fourth estate cracked open a new fifth of old Scotch, my sixth sense
said seventh heaven was as close as an eighth note from Beethoven's Ninth
Symphony, so, nervous as a tenth grader drowning in eleventh-hour cramming for
a physics exam, I swept her into my longing arms, and, humming "The Twelfth of
Never," I got lucky on Friday the thirteenth. -- Wm. W. "Buddy" Ocheltree,
Port Townsend, WA

As the newest Lady Turnpot descended into the kitchen wrapped only in her
celery-green dressing gown, her creamy bosom rising and falling like a
temperamental souffle, her tart mouth pursed in distaste, the sous-chef
whispered to the scullery boy, "I don't know what to make of her." -- Laurel
Fortuner, Montendre, France

Sultry it was and humid, but no whisper of air caused the plump, laden spears
of golden grain to nod their burdened heads as they unheedingly awaited the
cyclic rape of their gleaming treasure, while overhead the burning orb of
luminescence ascended its ever-upward path toward a sweltering celestial apex,
for although it is not in Kansas that our story takes place, it looks godawful
like it. -- Judy Frazier, Lathrop, MO

Dolores breezed along the surface of her life like a flat stone forever
skipping across smooth water, rippling reality sporadically but oblivious to
it consistently, until she finally lost momentum, sank, due to an overdose of
fluoride as a child which caused her to lie forever on the floor of her life
as useless as an appendix and as lonely as a five-hundred-pound barbell in a
steroid-free fitness center. -- Linda Vernon, Newark, CA

Professor Frobisher couldn't believe he had missed seeing it for so long - it
was, after all, right there under his nose - but in all his years of research
into the intricate and mysterious ways of the universe, he had never noticed
that the freckles on his upper lip, just below and to the left of the nostril,
partially hidden until now by a hairy mole he had just removed a week before,
exactly matched the pattern of the stars in the Pleides, down to the angry red
zit that had just popped up where he and his colleagues had only today
discovered an exploding nova. -- Ray C. Gainey, Indianapolis, IN

Like an expensive sports car, fine-tuned and well-built, Portia was sleek,
shapely, and gorgeous, her red jumpsuit molding her body, which was as warm as
the seatcovers in July, her hair as dark as new tires, her eyes flashing like
bright hubcaps, and her lips as dewy as the beads of fresh rain on the hood;
she was a woman driven - fueled by a single accelerant - and she needed a man,
a man who wouldn't shift from his views, a man to steer her along the right
road, a man like Alf Romeo. -- Rachel E. Sheeley, Williamsburg, IN

The notes blatted skyward as the sun rose over the Canada geese, feathered
rumps mooning the day, webbed appendages frantically peddling unseen bicycles
in their search for sustenance, driven by Nature's maxim, "Ya wanna eat, ya
gotta work," and at last I knew Pittsburgh. -- Sheila B. Richter, Minneapolis,
MN

The bone-chilling scream split the warm summer night in two, the first half
being before the scream when it was fairly balmy and calm and pleasant for
those who hadn't heard the scream at all, but not calm or balmy or even very
nice for those who did hear the scream, discounting the little period of time
during the actual scream itself when your ears might have been hearing it but
your brain wasn't reacting yet to let you know. -- Patricia E. Presutti,
Lewiston, NY

The countdown had stalled at T minus 69 seconds when Desiree, the first female
ape to go up in space, winked at me slyly and pouted her thick, rubbery lips
unmistakably - the first of many such advances during what would prove to be
the longest, and most memorable, space voyage of my career. -- Martha Simpson,
Glastonbury, CT

The lovely woman-child Kaa was mercilessly chained to the cruel post of the
warrior-chief Beast, with his barbarous tribe now stacking wood at her nubile
feet, when the strong, clear voice of the poetic and heroic Handsomas roared,
"Flick your Bic, crisp that chick, and you'll feel my steel through your last
meal." -- Steven Garman, Pensacola, FL

The camel died quite suddenly on the second day, and Selena fretted sulkily
and, buffing her already impeccable nails - not for the first time since the
journey began -pondered snidely if this would dissolve into a vignette of
minor inconveniences like all the other holidays spent with Basil. -- Gail
Cain, San Francisco, CA

